Yr--azure key vault--support multiple subscription i ds & resource group/ciac 2087 (#26943)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureKeyVault/ReleaseNotes/1_1_21.md

#### Integrations

##### Azure Key Vault
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/crypto:1.0.0.63672*.

- Improved implementation by adding functionality to the **MicrosoftAPIModule** to be used in integrations that allow arguments to be set in the instance configuration or within the commands.

- Improved implementation by adding functionality to the **MicrosoftAPIModule** to be used in integrations that use 'tag' as a filter.

- Fixed an issue with the OAuth authentication method.

- Fixed an issue where the *Client Secret* parameter was visible to the user.
  

> - You can now set the *Subscription ID* and the *Resource Group Name* parameters within the integration commands by using the *subscription_id* and the *resource_group_name* arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ability to set the *Subscription ID* and the *Resource Group Name* parameters within the integration commands by using the *subscription_id* and the *resource_group_name* arguments.
```

> - Added a new commend: ***azure-key-vault-subscriptions-list***.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the following new commands: 
   - ***azure-key-vault-subscriptions-list***
   - ***azure-key-vault-resource-group-list***
```

> - Added a new commend ***azure-key-vault-resource-group-list***.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
